README.md, before:

# Librarian
This is going to be a very large software with a lot of functions which are very useful.
You may know that there are a lot of commercial or open source reference management softwares. But sometimes we desire to use a special function which may not be provided by a special software. Changing to another one or using several software messes data up.

Still working on it.

## Main Functions
    Reference management
    Get information from Journals/Conferences/Books/Transactions/etc
    Download papers
    Grouping/sorting
    Creating reference network
    Etc.

## Preview  
Note: All reference data used in the figures are generated by random number, not real reference data or bug.  
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180518_2.png "Local library")
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180518_3.png "Detail of reference")
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180518_4.png "Search page")
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180518_5.png "Group page")
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180527_18.png "Interactive relation graph")

## Change Log   
05/27/2018 Interactive graph add interaction, minor changes  
05/25/2018 Change interactive graph render tool, update preview image   
05/23/2018 Add preview image of interactive reference relation graph  
05/22/2018 Move window frames to center of the screen  
05/21/2018 Add relation graph generator and browser files  
05/20/2018 Recover old change log  
05/20/2018 Move database io operations to a single file  
05/20/2018 About popop window  
05/19/2018 Activate adding label function  
05/18/2018 Fix preview image links  
05/18/2018 Add preview images  
05/18/2018 Fix bug in search window  
05/17/2018 PyInstaller deployment setting file  
05/17/2018 Recently added reference filter  
05/16/2018 Add filter for groups  
02/27/2018 Add reference table sorting support  
02/26/2018 Add online search page  
02/13/2018 Add Data.db database support  
02/10/2018 Separate classes to files, add setting popup, reference table, etc  
02/06/2018 Add setup.py to create application  
02/01/2018 Add function icons  
01/31/2018 Add function icons  
01/30/2018 Create Librarian project and GitHub repository

Commit message:

Update interactive graph nodes position calculation

README.md, after:

# Librarian
This is going to be a very large software with a lot of functions which are very useful.
You may know that there are a lot of commercial or open source reference management softwares. But sometimes we desire to use a special function which may not be provided by a special software. Changing to another one or using several software messes data up.

Still working on it.

## Main Functions
    Reference management
    Get information from Journals/Conferences/Books/Transactions/etc
    Download papers
    Grouping/sorting
    Creating reference network
    Etc.

## Preview  
Note: All reference data used in the figures are generated by random number, not real reference data or bug.  
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180518_2.png "Local library")
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180518_3.png "Detail of reference")
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180518_4.png "Search page")
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180518_5.png "Group page")
![alt text](https://github.com/liutairan/Librarian/blob/master/Pictures/Snip20180528_19.png "Interactive relation graph")

## Change Log   
05/28/2018 Interactive graph nodes automatically assign positions based on depth in tree  
05/27/2018 Interactive graph add interaction, minor changes  
05/25/2018 Change interactive graph render tool, update preview image   
05/23/2018 Add preview image of interactive reference relation graph  
05/22/2018 Move window frames to center of the screen  
05/21/2018 Add relation graph generator and browser files  
05/20/2018 Recover old change log  
05/20/2018 Move database io operations to a single file  
05/20/2018 About popop window  
05/19/2018 Activate adding label function  
05/18/2018 Fix preview image links  
05/18/2018 Add preview images  
05/18/2018 Fix bug in search window  
05/17/2018 PyInstaller deployment setting file  
05/17/2018 Recently added reference filter  
05/16/2018 Add filter for groups  
02/27/2018 Add reference table sorting support  
02/26/2018 Add online search page  
02/13/2018 Add Data.db database support  
02/10/2018 Separate classes to files, add setting popup, reference table, etc  
02/06/2018 Add setup.py to create application  
02/01/2018 Add function icons  
01/31/2018 Add function icons  
01/30/2018 Create Librarian project and GitHub repository
